README.md, before:

Something™
Developed by Brandon Jabout and Caroline Curtis

Something™ is a basic application that alters the way a user's name is presented. This application allows the user to enter their first name. Once the first name has been captirued, it asks for the user to enter a letter that is in their name. Once they enter a letter that is in their name, the application will remove that letter from their name. The user will then be prompted to enter their last name where it will be displayed with their first name.

---

### **Getting Started**

#### **Installation**

In order to use this software the following conditions will need to be met:
- Python version 3.3 or later will need to be downloaded and installed on the machine

### **How to Use**

1. Run the application by adding the version-control-lab.ipynb into JupyterHub. You can then press the run button to run he code.
2. Enter your first name by typing in to the terminal when prompted to.
3. Enter the character you would like removed. Make sure it is an actual character in your name, otherwise you will be prompted to renter.
4. Enter your last name when prompted in the terminal.

### License

[Enter text here]

### How to Contribute to this Project

[Enter text here]

#### Code of Conduct

Commit message:

Added Info to CoC and Contribute sections.

README.md, after:

# Something™

Developed by Brandon Jabout and Caroline Curtis

Something™ is a basic application that alters the way a user's name is presented. This application allows the user to enter their first name. Once the first name has been captirued, it asks for the user to enter a letter that is in their name. Once they enter a letter that is in their name, the application will remove that letter from their name. The user will then be prompted to enter their last name where it will be displayed with their first name.

---

## **Getting Started**

### **Installation**

In order to use this software the following conditions will need to be met:
- Python version 3.3 or later will need to be downloaded and installed on the machine

## **How to Use**

1. Run the application by adding the version-control-lab.ipynb into JupyterHub. You can then press the run button to run he code.
2. Enter your first name by typing in to the terminal when prompted to.
3. Enter the character you would like removed. Make sure it is an actual character in your name, otherwise you will be prompted to renter.
4. Enter your last name when prompted in the terminal.

### **License**

[Enter text here]

## **How to Contribute to this Project**

As this is an open source project, we ask for your commitment and expertise in contributing to this project if you desire to do so. We aim to make this as simple as possible so that all parties can assist us in the development of this project. Our budget does not allow for the addition of many high experienced developers. Given this, we want to say thank you to anyone who can and is willing to help with this project.

Please make sure to add any additions to this project by forking this project into your own directory. This is done simply by going to our repository and clicking the "fork" button located at the top of the page. Once the project is forked, feel free to make any changes you believe are necessary to this project. We ask that all changes that are made have documentation so that we are able to understand your thought process and consider them when adding to the development project.

Once you push your changes to your repository, our in-house team members will review your repositories periodically. Any features decided to be placed into the official application will be merged with the main repository. In return, your name will be added in the README as a contributor so that you can recieve the proper recognition you deserve.

We once again thank you to all that decide to contribute to this project!

### **Code of Conduct**

Please view our CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md for information on our Code of Conduct. We chose to base our Code of Conduct off of Contributor Covenant as it is simple to read in everyday English and it focuses on the core aspects of what we beleive in: kindness, accepting responsibility, and enforcing responsibility. We want our community to be a loving and caring community that helps each other, and we believe our Code of Conduct demonstrates that agenda.
